Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
"Taiwan independence" means nothing but war
Nothing shall hold back the trend of history. The pursuit of "Taiwan independence" is a dead end. We will not tolerate or condone any conspiracy aiming at splitting Taiwan from China. The Chinese PLA has the guts, determination, resolve, and very importantly the ability to resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and dignity.
04-03 17:42:06
PLA drills around Taiwan achieve designated results
The two-day joint exercises launched by the People's Liberation Army around the island of Taiwan, involving an aircraft carrier group, concluded on Wednesday evening, and experts said the exercises aimed to cut off resource import lines, escape routes and external support lines of "Taiwan independence" separatist forces.
04-03 00:54:28
PLA aircraft carrier groups can block three key lines in east of Taiwan, expert says
The involvement of aircraft carrier groups in military deterrence operations around Taiwan can completely cut off the escape routes for "Taiwan independence" separatist forces and the channels for external forces attempting to aid them, a scholar from the People's Liberation Army said on Wednesday.
04-02 22:00:54
Washington's overreaction to PLA drills serves as a telling sign of its duplicity
Despite Beijing unequivocally stating the military exercises it launched this week near the Taiwan island "are a serious warning and an act of containment against 'Taiwan independence' separatist forces, and a legitimate and necessary move to defend national sovereignty and uphold national unity", some still wrongly insist they are a test of the United States' and its allies' resolve to "defend" Taiwan.
04-02 21:54:00
Combat drill a big warning to 'Taiwan independence' secessionists
The Chinese mainland has always drawn a clear line between "Taiwan independence" forces and the broader public in Taiwan. This operation is only aimed at Lai's radical agenda, not ordinary residents.
04-02 09:37:15
PLA's joint exercises demonstrate capability to thwart any push for 'Taiwan independence'
The military's message was stern and explicit, with Shi Yi, spokesperson for the theater command, highlighting the comprehensive scope of the exercises, which involve the coordinated operations of the army, navy, air and rocket forces converging on the island from various directions.
04-02 09:25:48
US security alliances in Asia nothing but hollow promises in a losing game
This is the reality of the US' alliances in Asia: they are not partnerships of equals, but instruments of US dominance. Japan, like Europe, is expected to follow Washington's lead on security — hosting US bases, aligning with NATO's expansion into Asia, and escalating military spending — while simultaneously enduring punitive trade policies.
04-01 08:16:20
Distorted view on Japan's aggression during WWII needs to be corrected
Increasingly, some in the West, driven by short-sighted political interests, are willing to distort, downplay, or even whitewash the history of aggression. In particular, they have repeatedly offered selective interpretations of WWII history and weaponized it to pursue "realpolitik" interests.
03-31 21:03:40
Can France carry the ball in Europe's rearmament?
If France can effectively resolve its financial difficulties, properly manage domestic and international differences, efficiently integrate Europe's defense industrial resources, and establish a joint command system, it could still play a more pivotal leadership role in advancing European defense autonomy.
03-31 20:07:35
Greenland should make 'rogue state' go away
Despite Vance's scaremongering, the US' true motives were laid bare by National Security Advisor Mike Waltz, who dispensed with Vance's pretenses and admitted: "This is about shipping lanes. This is about energy. This is about fisheries."
03-31 17:26:41
For separatist agenda, Lai Ching-te resorts to "green authoritarianism"
Taiwan's democracy and rule of law are backsliding while the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) authorities led by Lai Ching-te are suppressing political opponents and dissenting voices and restricting freedom of expression.
03-30 16:10:38
Lai Ching-te's regression on cross-Strait exchanges doomed to fail
However intense the DPP-imposed restrictions are, they can not block the genuine goodwill and close ties between people on both sides of the Strait. Lai's desperate attempts to shut the doors of exchanges and cooperation are doomed to a shameful failure.
03-29 15:27:06
More than a rearming policy, EU needs an independent foreign policy
Given how the US is shifting its policies toward Europe, reducing dependence on the US and achieving defense autonomy has become a common goal among European nations. However, there are various challenges to Europe's defense autonomy.
03-29 00:11:12
Collective misjudgments not collective insights
A main hindrance to repairing the Sino-US relations is that some in Washington stubbornly regard China as US' archrival. The latest evidence is the release of this year's annual US intelligence report on Tuesday, which claims that "China presents the most comprehensive and robust military threat to US national security".
03-29 00:02:41
Hegseth will recognize US' limits in its bid to contain China via regional division
Having already visited Europe, where he openly declared the United States' attention was focused on the Asia-Pacific and underscored Washington's singular fixation on China as a strategic competitor, US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth has embarked on a visit to Hawaii, Guam, the Philippines and Japan.
03-27 22:51:43
DPP authorities will be held accountable for each and every secessionist move
The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council launched a platform on Wednesday through which the Taiwan compatriots can report the secessionists and their bad behaviors to the authorities of the mainland in response to the Lai authorities' attempts to purge mainland elements and influence on the island.
03-26 22:40:34
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.