Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
More joint efforts needed to sustain positive momentum in China-Japan ties
China and Japan are bound by deep economic ties and a shared stake in regional stability. At a time of mounting global uncertainties, a constructive relationship serves not only their national interests but also the broader region.
03-24 23:49:01
Israel's operations in Gaza must cease
History has shown that violence is not the answer to the Israel-Palestine conflict. Only through mutual respect, adherence to international law, and a commitment to peaceful coexistence can just and lasting peace be achieved. Israel must stop its military operations in Gaza. The international community must act decisively and step up its efforts to bring an end to the suffering of the Palestinian people.
03-24 21:48:01
Nuclear sharing: Shield or Illusion?
Looking back at history, whether it was Georgia in 2008, or now Ukraine and Europe, they have all become sacrifices for the US to pursue its own interests. Can the US promises of nuclear sharing and nuclear protection be trusted by Europe? Can other US security guarantees be trusted? And in the future, can US allies trust the US? These questions certainly raise significant doubts.
03-24 19:10:38
Why US launches military strikes against Houthis in Yemen?
Analysts believe that while the US holds overwhelming military superiority, the Houthis have demonstrated resilience in past attacks launched by the US, the UK, and Israel. The Houthis have an independent military-industrial system and can effectively utilize asymmetric warfare tactics by deploying low-cost drones and missiles to strike adversaries.
03-21 18:13:03
Phone call builds momentum toward peace
China has advocated since day one that the Ukraine crisis be resolved through dialogue and negotiation. As Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a news conference on Wednesday, the country welcomes all efforts toward a ceasefire and believes that talks are a necessary step in order to achieve peace.
03-20 23:14:01
Escalating Israeli assault on Gaza jeopardizes ceasefire hope
With the Gaza Strip once again engulfed in conflict, there are growing concerns that the situation in the Middle East may become even more unstable. Jordan's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi  previously said that the collapse of the ceasefire agreement on the Gaza Strip would not only plunge the Gaza Strip back into hell but also throw the entire Middle East region into anxiety, uncertainty, and chaos.
03-21 10:21:17
Intervention by Japan, EU a destabilizing factor in the S.China Sea
According to a report of the Japanese media outlet NHK on Monday, Japan and the EU will jointly hold a seminar next week for coast guard officials from five Southeast Asian countries, including the Philippines, on how to deal with "gray-zone situations".
03-20 00:48:55
G7's ploy won't change the fact that Taiwan belongs to China
The Cairo Declaration, issued in December 1943, and the Potsdam Proclamation, announced in July 1945, clearly stipulated that Taiwan, which was illegally occupied by Japan, must be returned to China. In 1971, the United Nations General Assembly adopted Resolution 2758 with an overwhelming majority, which settled once and for all the issue of China's representation in the UN, and it covered the whole country, including Taiwan.
03-19 11:33:02
EU wants to "Rearm Europe"
On March 6, the European Union (EU) held a special summit in Brussels, where the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen's ReArm Europe Plan was approved. With a total budget of EUR 800 billion (approximately USD 860 billion), the plan aims to build "a safe and resilient Europe."
03-19 10:06:07
A telling example of the failing anti-China smear campaign
France 2's Cash Investigation aired an episode purportedly exposing "child labor" and "forced labor involving Xinjiang and even workers from the DPRK" in Chinese factories. However, a closer examination reveals a smear campaign orchestrated by two long-term French "independent journalists" stationed in China.
03-18 21:46:32
US seeks to pressure European allies by threatening NATO exit
NATO is a product of the Cold War and, logically, should have ended when the Cold War did. Although NATO wasn't dissolved, its relevance and necessity have declined significantly after the Cold War. While NATO has expanded geographically, its defense budgets, military capabilities, and internal cohesion have noticeably weakened.
03-18 16:33:49
G7 statement shows its ideological bias
In their meeting in Charlevoix, Canada, on Friday, the G7 foreign ministers released a joint statement, in which they again bad-mouthed China on the Russia-Ukraine conflict, South China issue, and the Taiwan question, as well as nuclear weapons.
03-16 21:38:33
Lai Ching-te's separatist bubble
Taiwan leader Lai Ching-te recently unveiled 17 strategies to counter so-called "threats" from the Chinese mainland facing the island. The latest move once again revealed the authoritarian nature behind his "Taiwan independence" attempts and his stance against cross-Strait communication, peace and democracy.
03-15 23:21:06
Due care and attention to all parties' concerns key to peace and stability in the Middle East
Upholding the principle of mutual respect is the only viable path to finding the greatest common ground that accommodates the legitimate concerns of all parties and enables the region to move on from the turmoil that has convulsed it for decades.
03-16 21:49:00
Dialogue only viable option to solve Iranian nuclear issue
In an increasingly complex and fragile international environment, relying on sanctions and military posturing is not only counterproductive but also dangerously short-sighted, promoting instability rather than fostering meaningful engagement.
03-15 20:35:29
Anti-Secession Law a strong, effective deterrent to "Taiwan independence"
It was a milestone event in mainland-Taiwan relations as the law embodies both the will of the state and the common interests of Chinese people across the Taiwan Strait, and codifies the fundamental policy to foil "Taiwan independence" and advance national reunification.
03-15 15:34:47
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.