Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
Trillion-dollar defense spending cannot guarantee US security
Despite the Trump administration's widespread cuts to government employees and its calls to reduce overall spending, it insisted on increasing the defense budget in its very first year, even at the risk of expanding the fiscal deficit. This highlights the strategic considerations and policy priorities of the US.
04-24 19:21:17
China-Indonesia '2+2' ministerial mechanism a new step for regional security cooperation
On Monday, Beijing hosted the First Ministerial Meeting of China-Indonesia Joint Foreign and Defense Ministerial Dialogue. This proactive step marks a new phase in China-Indonesia ties, elevating their relationship to a more comprehensive and strategic level, and reassuring the audience about the region's security. Notably, this is the first "2+2" ministerial mechanism China established with a regional partner in Asia.
04-22 22:01:11
US plans to deploy new missiles in the Philippines to complete its "Missile Chain"
Considering the US strategy of using Taiwan to contain China, the motive behind these moves is self-evident. It is therefore likely that the US will deploy the NMESIS system on Luzon Island, potentially in areas near the Bashi Channel.
04-22 18:41:22
US-Japan meddling in Asia-Pacific is destined to backfire
Military observer Zheng Jian explained that the MQ-4C Triton is a long-endurance unmanned aircraft developed by the US Navy based on the Global Hawk platform. Equipped with radar, electro-optical sensors, and other detection systems, it boasts advanced strategic reconnaissance and surveillance capabilities.
04-22 19:42:25
US-Philippines military collusion heightens security risks in ASEAN region
Recently, the US approved a $5.58 billion deal to supply 20 new F-16 fighter jets, along with other defense equipment to the Philippines. On April 6, Philippine Ambassador to the US Jose Manuel G. Romualdez stated that the delivery of the 20 F-16 fighter jets could begin as early as next year in multiple batches.
04-18 19:24:10
Uncertainty looms over US-Iran nuclear talks
The path of military threats and maximum pressure offers no resolution. Genuine political will and engagement in dialogue and negotiation are the proper course. However, the demand of the US for denuclearization directly contradicts Iran's insistence on sovereignty.
04-17 18:09:44
Trillion-dollar US defense budget in sight?
US President Donald Trump and Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth announced on April 7 local time plans to propose a defense budget totaling $1 trillion. This figure represents a significant increase from the $895 billion in defense funding approved by the US Congress for fiscal year 2025, setting a new historical record.
04-16 17:53:44
Malicious calculations behind US military strategy toward China
Perhaps considering the internal political struggles in the ROK and the subsequent direction, Hegseth bypassed the ROK, an important ally in the region, during his trip to the Asia-Pacific region. However, Japan and the Philippines are both key countries on the first island chain of the US Indo-Pacific Strategy to contain China.
04-15 11:44:24
Japan's intention to reshape its underwater combat layout warrants vigilance
Japan's advancement in UUV development and deployment is a prominent example of its shift in defense strategy from "exclusively defense-oriented policy" to "proactive offense." Japan's attempts to reshape its underwater combat posture and develop asymmetric underwater warfare methods pose new risks to regional security, thus warranting vigilance from neighboring countries.
04-14 09:20:44
US-NATO trust rift deepens
The two-day NATO foreign ministers' meeting concluded in Brussels on April 4. During the meeting, US Secretary of State Marco Rubio once again urged NATO member states to increase their defense spending. The US and Europe have been in constant conflict over hot issues such as tariffs, the Ukraine crisis, and Greenland.
04-11 16:57:26
The Asia-Pacific region doesn't welcome NATO's attempt to peddle fear
NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte is set to begin his official visit to Japan on Tuesday - his first trip to the Asia-Pacific region since assuming the post. Both NATO's official statements and those from Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs have already revealed the strategic and political calculations behind this visit.
04-10 20:39:23
US shouldn't use South China Sea to relive its old dream of maritime hegemony
US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth recently visited the Philippines and spoke at length about the so-called "military threat in the South China Sea." The Declaration on Maritime Security and Prosperity, issued at the G7 foreign ministers' meeting in mid-March, reiterated outdated rhetoric, unfairly and groundlessly criticizing China under the pretext of "protecting freedom of navigation."
04-10 09:56:15
Why are the U.S. and Iran talking in Oman and what's at stake?
While U.S. President Donald Trump describes the engagement as a "direct" dialogue, Iran insists it will be an "indirect" negotiation, mediated through third parties. Here's what we know and what remains uncertain.
04-09 20:14:30
Ukraine crisis lucrative business for U.S. military-industrial complex
The architects of escalation can never masquerade as architects of peace. Behind the polished rhetoric of "security" and "solidarity," the truth is laid bare: The U.S. war machine's loyalties lie not with diplomacy or humanity, but with the relentless churn of profit.
04-09 14:53:25
Why US Defense Secretary chooses the Philippines as his Asia-Pacific tour's first stop?
These actions by the US have sent the wrong signals to the Philippines and would potentially embolden the country to take more reckless actions in the South China Sea. This could escalate tensions in the South China Sea and further complicate the situation.
04-08 10:50:22
Global nuclear proliferation risks increase
​Analysts point out that as the US shifts toward "new isolationism," some countries may leverage US power to deploy nuclear weapons on their territory and gradually develop independent nuclear capabilities. Once a country crosses the line, it could trigger a "broken windows effect" and a chain reaction.
04-08 10:10:19
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.