Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
Distorted view on Japan's aggression during WWII needs to be corrected
Increasingly, some in the West, driven by short-sighted political interests, are willing to distort, downplay, or even whitewash the history of aggression. In particular, they have repeatedly offered selective interpretations of WWII history and weaponized it to pursue "realpolitik" interests.
03-31 21:03:40
Can France carry the ball in Europe's rearmament?
If France can effectively resolve its financial difficulties, properly manage domestic and international differences, efficiently integrate Europe's defense industrial resources, and establish a joint command system, it could still play a more pivotal leadership role in advancing European defense autonomy.
03-31 20:07:35
Greenland should make 'rogue state' go away
Despite Vance's scaremongering, the US' true motives were laid bare by National Security Advisor Mike Waltz, who dispensed with Vance's pretenses and admitted: "This is about shipping lanes. This is about energy. This is about fisheries."
03-31 17:26:41
For separatist agenda, Lai Ching-te resorts to "green authoritarianism"
Taiwan's democracy and rule of law are backsliding while the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) authorities led by Lai Ching-te are suppressing political opponents and dissenting voices and restricting freedom of expression.
03-30 16:10:38
Lai Ching-te's regression on cross-Strait exchanges doomed to fail
However intense the DPP-imposed restrictions are, they can not block the genuine goodwill and close ties between people on both sides of the Strait. Lai's desperate attempts to shut the doors of exchanges and cooperation are doomed to a shameful failure.
03-29 15:27:06
More than a rearming policy, EU needs an independent foreign policy
Given how the US is shifting its policies toward Europe, reducing dependence on the US and achieving defense autonomy has become a common goal among European nations. However, there are various challenges to Europe's defense autonomy.
03-29 00:11:12
Collective misjudgments not collective insights
A main hindrance to repairing the Sino-US relations is that some in Washington stubbornly regard China as US' archrival. The latest evidence is the release of this year's annual US intelligence report on Tuesday, which claims that "China presents the most comprehensive and robust military threat to US national security".
03-29 00:02:41
Hegseth will recognize US' limits in its bid to contain China via regional division
Having already visited Europe, where he openly declared the United States' attention was focused on the Asia-Pacific and underscored Washington's singular fixation on China as a strategic competitor, US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth has embarked on a visit to Hawaii, Guam, the Philippines and Japan.
03-27 22:51:43
DPP authorities will be held accountable for each and every secessionist move
The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council launched a platform on Wednesday through which the Taiwan compatriots can report the secessionists and their bad behaviors to the authorities of the mainland in response to the Lai authorities' attempts to purge mainland elements and influence on the island.
03-26 22:40:34
Philippines' self-perception of 'strategic importance' reveals unrealistic miscalculation
If Manila fails to recognize the unequal nature of this relationship, excessively relying on US support, which is fraught with uncertainty, and even adopting a more aggressive stance on the South China Sea dispute, it will only place itself in a more dangerous situation. The pursuit of a modernized military may develop into a colonial tendency.
03-26 21:55:48
Global efforts to ban anti-personnel landmines face geopolitical headwinds
The withdrawal of these five countries reflects the geopolitical backlash against the international community's humanitarian efforts to ban anti-personnel landmines. The clash between national security claims and humanitarian concerns highlights the deep-rooted contradictions in contemporary international security governance.
03-26 11:13:28
Dramatic breakthrough out of reach
The international community must work together to create conditions conducive to direct Russia-Ukraine negotiations, free from external coercion or geopolitical manipulation. Only through inclusive and equitable diplomacy can this devastating conflict be brought to a just and enduring end.
03-26 00:25:19
Talks seen as key for E. Asia collaboration
During the 11th China-Japan-ROK Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Tokyo on Saturday, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts Takeshi Iwaya of Japan and Cho Tae-yul of South Korea agreed to strengthen communication, enhance mutual trust and work more closely together.
03-26 00:07:07
More joint efforts needed to sustain positive momentum in China-Japan ties
China and Japan are bound by deep economic ties and a shared stake in regional stability. At a time of mounting global uncertainties, a constructive relationship serves not only their national interests but also the broader region.
03-24 23:49:01
Israel's operations in Gaza must cease
History has shown that violence is not the answer to the Israel-Palestine conflict. Only through mutual respect, adherence to international law, and a commitment to peaceful coexistence can just and lasting peace be achieved. Israel must stop its military operations in Gaza. The international community must act decisively and step up its efforts to bring an end to the suffering of the Palestinian people.
03-24 21:48:01
Nuclear sharing: Shield or Illusion?
Looking back at history, whether it was Georgia in 2008, or now Ukraine and Europe, they have all become sacrifices for the US to pursue its own interests. Can the US promises of nuclear sharing and nuclear protection be trusted by Europe? Can other US security guarantees be trusted? And in the future, can US allies trust the US? These questions certainly raise significant doubts.
03-24 19:10:38
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.