Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
Unpacking Manila's South China Sea shadow play
To those fanning the flames: The South China Sea isn't a Hollywood set for your "David vs. Goliath" fantasy. It's time to drop the act, respect facts, and let regional states resolve disputes without toxic external interference.
03-08 23:40:48
China's sincerity brings certainty to an uncertain world
China is open to cooperation and, under the vision of building a community of a shared future for mankind, has been taking concrete measures to share its development dividends with countries across the world.
03-08 00:20:03
Can Europe independently hold up a "strategic umbrella"?
Although Europe still faces many challenges in independently propping up the "strategic umbrella", it is certain that a Europe with strategic autonomy would contribute positive factors to its own security and the stability of the international order.
03-07 17:22:54
US steps up arctic military activities to consolidate regional hegemony
Recently, newly appointed US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth made a series of statements on NATO and European security. Against the backdrop of US-Russia talks sidelining Europe and cooling transatlantic relations, NATO, as the military organization bridging US-Europe security ties, is also facing a new turning point.
03-07 11:38:04
Military spending increase necessary to protect national security, core interests and global peace
China's defense budget is in line with its determination to build a strong, innovative, and globally competitive military force that can safeguard its national interests and promote peace on the global stage.
03-06 20:09:03
US adjusts military deployment in Asia-Pacific region
Recently, the US Marine Corps disclosed updates on troop adjustments in Okinawa. Analysts suggest that the realignment of US forces in Okinawa is driven by a complex political and diplomatic backdrop and reflects broader shifts in Washington's force posture across the Indo-Pacific.
03-06 23:34:56
US Iron Dome missile defense plan poses risk to global security
The primary purpose of the "Iron Dome for America" missile defense system is to counter threats from ballistic missiles, hypersonic missiles, advanced cruise missiles, and other similar threats. Donald Trump's announcement of the program at the start of his second term reflects multiple strategic considerations.
03-04 20:24:30
Where does NATO head as differences between US and Europe deepen
As US-Russia talks bypass Europe and transatlantic relations grow colder, NATO, the military organization bridging US-European security cooperation, faces a critical turning point.
03-05 10:59:04
Washington's hegemonic colors laid bare again
Washington's mask has once again slipped. The abrupt collapse of U.S.-Ukraine talks over the weekend was not mere diplomatic friction. Behind the crumbling veneer of etiquette lies Washington's frustration over its stalled scheme to plunder Ukraine's natural resources.
03-03 23:04:43
Cooperative coexistence the only option for US
Today, Sino-US relations stand at another crossroad. Disputes over trade and technology continue to escalate, driven by decoupling rhetoric that first gained traction during the previous Donald Trump administration. Adding to this is the US' military posturing in the Asia-Pacific region.
03-02 22:28:12
Paramilitary forces' attempt to form "parallel government" raises concern over deeper division in Sudan
The recent attempt by the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) to form a "parallel government" in Sudan has sparked domestic and global concern over deeper division in the war-torn country. On Feb. 22, the RSF and its allied political and armed groups signed "a political charter" in Kenya expressing intention to form a "parallel government" in Sudan.
03-01 15:54:11
Seeking external forces won't secure a "shield"
Recently, Canadian Ambassador to the Philippines David Hartman stated that Canada and the Philippines are close to finalizing a Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA). Under the agreement, one country can deploy military forces temporarily on the territory of the other.
02-28 23:51:01
Will Australia make notification in advance of military ops near China? Chinese Defense Ministry asks in return
In response to four questions raised by journalists on the recent exercises by Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Navy warships in international waters near Australia and New Zealand, including the two countries' claims that China did not notify them in time, a Chinese Defense Ministry spokesperson on Thursday reiterated that the PLA Navy flotilla's activities completely conform to international law.
02-28 09:25:14
Japan unveils new ballistic missile for first time
Recently, Japan's Ministry of Defense released its latest advancements in stand-off defense capability project, marking the first official confirmation of a new ballistic missile development. Dubbed the "Hyper-Velocity Gliding Projectile (HVGP)", the weapon system is specifically designed for remote island defense operations.
02-27 09:32:57
Trump wastes no time playing "Taiwan card"
Following the passage of two US military vessels through the Taiwan Strait, the US Department of State updated its fact sheet on US-Taiwan relations on February 13 local time, dropping the phrase "we do not support Taiwan independence." Meanwhile, Donald Trump is pushing to fast-track the delivery of US weapons and military equipment to Taiwan.
02-26 19:51:07
Relying on external forces for security will backfire on the Philippines
Manila aims to leverage external assistance to accelerate its defense modernization while eagerly anticipating direct security support from Western allies and partners. In essence, it has entrusted nearly all of its national security interests to those foreign powers.
02-26 19:45:08
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.