Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
More than a rearming policy, EU needs an independent foreign policy
Given how the US is shifting its policies toward Europe, reducing dependence on the US and achieving defense autonomy has become a common goal among European nations. However, there are various challenges to Europe's defense autonomy.
03-29 00:11:12
Collective misjudgments not collective insights
A main hindrance to repairing the Sino-US relations is that some in Washington stubbornly regard China as US' archrival. The latest evidence is the release of this year's annual US intelligence report on Tuesday, which claims that "China presents the most comprehensive and robust military threat to US national security".
03-29 00:02:41
Hegseth will recognize US' limits in its bid to contain China via regional division
Having already visited Europe, where he openly declared the United States' attention was focused on the Asia-Pacific and underscored Washington's singular fixation on China as a strategic competitor, US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth has embarked on a visit to Hawaii, Guam, the Philippines and Japan.
03-27 22:51:43
DPP authorities will be held accountable for each and every secessionist move
The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council launched a platform on Wednesday through which the Taiwan compatriots can report the secessionists and their bad behaviors to the authorities of the mainland in response to the Lai authorities' attempts to purge mainland elements and influence on the island.
03-26 22:40:34
Philippines' self-perception of 'strategic importance' reveals unrealistic miscalculation
If Manila fails to recognize the unequal nature of this relationship, excessively relying on US support, which is fraught with uncertainty, and even adopting a more aggressive stance on the South China Sea dispute, it will only place itself in a more dangerous situation. The pursuit of a modernized military may develop into a colonial tendency.
03-26 21:55:48
Global efforts to ban anti-personnel landmines face geopolitical headwinds
The withdrawal of these five countries reflects the geopolitical backlash against the international community's humanitarian efforts to ban anti-personnel landmines. The clash between national security claims and humanitarian concerns highlights the deep-rooted contradictions in contemporary international security governance.
03-26 11:13:28
Dramatic breakthrough out of reach
The international community must work together to create conditions conducive to direct Russia-Ukraine negotiations, free from external coercion or geopolitical manipulation. Only through inclusive and equitable diplomacy can this devastating conflict be brought to a just and enduring end.
03-26 00:25:19
Talks seen as key for E. Asia collaboration
During the 11th China-Japan-ROK Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Tokyo on Saturday, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts Takeshi Iwaya of Japan and Cho Tae-yul of South Korea agreed to strengthen communication, enhance mutual trust and work more closely together.
03-26 00:07:07
More joint efforts needed to sustain positive momentum in China-Japan ties
China and Japan are bound by deep economic ties and a shared stake in regional stability. At a time of mounting global uncertainties, a constructive relationship serves not only their national interests but also the broader region.
03-24 23:49:01
Israel's operations in Gaza must cease
History has shown that violence is not the answer to the Israel-Palestine conflict. Only through mutual respect, adherence to international law, and a commitment to peaceful coexistence can just and lasting peace be achieved. Israel must stop its military operations in Gaza. The international community must act decisively and step up its efforts to bring an end to the suffering of the Palestinian people.
03-24 21:48:01
Nuclear sharing: Shield or Illusion?
Looking back at history, whether it was Georgia in 2008, or now Ukraine and Europe, they have all become sacrifices for the US to pursue its own interests. Can the US promises of nuclear sharing and nuclear protection be trusted by Europe? Can other US security guarantees be trusted? And in the future, can US allies trust the US? These questions certainly raise significant doubts.
03-24 19:10:38
Why US launches military strikes against Houthis in Yemen?
Analysts believe that while the US holds overwhelming military superiority, the Houthis have demonstrated resilience in past attacks launched by the US, the UK, and Israel. The Houthis have an independent military-industrial system and can effectively utilize asymmetric warfare tactics by deploying low-cost drones and missiles to strike adversaries.
03-21 18:13:03
Phone call builds momentum toward peace
China has advocated since day one that the Ukraine crisis be resolved through dialogue and negotiation. As Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a news conference on Wednesday, the country welcomes all efforts toward a ceasefire and believes that talks are a necessary step in order to achieve peace.
03-20 23:14:01
Escalating Israeli assault on Gaza jeopardizes ceasefire hope
With the Gaza Strip once again engulfed in conflict, there are growing concerns that the situation in the Middle East may become even more unstable. Jordan's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi  previously said that the collapse of the ceasefire agreement on the Gaza Strip would not only plunge the Gaza Strip back into hell but also throw the entire Middle East region into anxiety, uncertainty, and chaos.
03-21 10:21:17
Intervention by Japan, EU a destabilizing factor in the S.China Sea
According to a report of the Japanese media outlet NHK on Monday, Japan and the EU will jointly hold a seminar next week for coast guard officials from five Southeast Asian countries, including the Philippines, on how to deal with "gray-zone situations".
03-20 00:48:55
G7's ploy won't change the fact that Taiwan belongs to China
The Cairo Declaration, issued in December 1943, and the Potsdam Proclamation, announced in July 1945, clearly stipulated that Taiwan, which was illegally occupied by Japan, must be returned to China. In 1971, the United Nations General Assembly adopted Resolution 2758 with an overwhelming majority, which settled once and for all the issue of China's representation in the UN, and it covered the whole country, including Taiwan.
03-19 11:33:02
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.