Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
Whose security do US-ROK joint military exercises protect?
The recent bombing tragedy in Pocheon sounds yet another alarm for regional nations and their people. If certain parties insist on treating East Asia as a powder keg and civilians as bargaining chips, the next "misguided" bomb will ultimately obliterate their credibility and the trust of the people they claim to protect.
03-11 23:00:45
FA-50 crash highlights challenges facing Philippine Air Force
Since the aircraft was capable of launching air-to-ground missiles or precision-guided bombs, there was no necessity for high-risk dive-bombing maneuvers. The greatest challenge of the mission was likely night flying, yet even such a slightly difficult operation resulted in a crash.
03-11 11:35:23
Manila should realize the wind is now blowing in a new direction
Manila should strive to play its part in fostering an environment of friendly engagement, so the region is characterized by peace, stability, and mutual prosperity. If it continues to try to set off fireworks in the South China Sea amid the complex dynamics of the Asia-Pacific, it will only be a burnt child that dreads the fire.
03-10 21:53:31
No winners in conflict, no losers in peace
Relevant parties should therefore put aside their own immediate interest, and advocate and practice a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, as China proposed, so that long-term peace and stability is the hallmark of Eurasia and the world.
03-10 21:45:40
Fact Check: Why is "China threat" narrative invalid?
China's ongoing "two sessions" have once again highlighted its steadfast commitment to working with all countries to uphold international equity and justice, and safeguard world peace and stability in a world of changes and chaos.
03-09 20:30:05
Unpacking Manila's South China Sea shadow play
To those fanning the flames: The South China Sea isn't a Hollywood set for your "David vs. Goliath" fantasy. It's time to drop the act, respect facts, and let regional states resolve disputes without toxic external interference.
03-08 23:40:48
China's sincerity brings certainty to an uncertain world
China is open to cooperation and, under the vision of building a community of a shared future for mankind, has been taking concrete measures to share its development dividends with countries across the world.
03-08 00:20:03
Can Europe independently hold up a "strategic umbrella"?
Although Europe still faces many challenges in independently propping up the "strategic umbrella", it is certain that a Europe with strategic autonomy would contribute positive factors to its own security and the stability of the international order.
03-07 17:22:54
US steps up arctic military activities to consolidate regional hegemony
Recently, newly appointed US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth made a series of statements on NATO and European security. Against the backdrop of US-Russia talks sidelining Europe and cooling transatlantic relations, NATO, as the military organization bridging US-Europe security ties, is also facing a new turning point.
03-07 11:38:04
Military spending increase necessary to protect national security, core interests and global peace
China's defense budget is in line with its determination to build a strong, innovative, and globally competitive military force that can safeguard its national interests and promote peace on the global stage.
03-06 20:09:03
US adjusts military deployment in Asia-Pacific region
Recently, the US Marine Corps disclosed updates on troop adjustments in Okinawa. Analysts suggest that the realignment of US forces in Okinawa is driven by a complex political and diplomatic backdrop and reflects broader shifts in Washington's force posture across the Indo-Pacific.
03-06 23:34:56
US Iron Dome missile defense plan poses risk to global security
The primary purpose of the "Iron Dome for America" missile defense system is to counter threats from ballistic missiles, hypersonic missiles, advanced cruise missiles, and other similar threats. Donald Trump's announcement of the program at the start of his second term reflects multiple strategic considerations.
03-04 20:24:30
Where does NATO head as differences between US and Europe deepen
As US-Russia talks bypass Europe and transatlantic relations grow colder, NATO, the military organization bridging US-European security cooperation, faces a critical turning point.
03-05 10:59:04
Washington's hegemonic colors laid bare again
Washington's mask has once again slipped. The abrupt collapse of U.S.-Ukraine talks over the weekend was not mere diplomatic friction. Behind the crumbling veneer of etiquette lies Washington's frustration over its stalled scheme to plunder Ukraine's natural resources.
03-03 23:04:43
Cooperative coexistence the only option for US
Today, Sino-US relations stand at another crossroad. Disputes over trade and technology continue to escalate, driven by decoupling rhetoric that first gained traction during the previous Donald Trump administration. Adding to this is the US' military posturing in the Asia-Pacific region.
03-02 22:28:12
Paramilitary forces' attempt to form "parallel government" raises concern over deeper division in Sudan
The recent attempt by the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) to form a "parallel government" in Sudan has sparked domestic and global concern over deeper division in the war-torn country. On Feb. 22, the RSF and its allied political and armed groups signed "a political charter" in Kenya expressing intention to form a "parallel government" in Sudan.
03-01 15:54:11
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.