Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
All secessionist tricks of Lai are doomed to failure
It is no coincidence that Taiwan leader Lai Ching-te gave a "pro-independence" speech on Thursday, one day before the 20th anniversary of the implementation of the Anti-Secession Law by Beijing. But Lai's extremely provocative speech will only have served to consolidate the mainland's resolve to realize national reunification.
03-14 23:34:29
Truth about Ren'ai Jiao: An integral part of China's Nansha Qundao
Ren'ai Jiao is a submerged reef lying in the southeast of China's Nansha Qundao. It's about 16 kilometers long and 5 kilometers wide. China has indisputable sovereignty over Nansha Qundao, including Ren'ai Jiao, which is solidly grounded in history and law.
03-14 16:39:51
In all parties interest to talk their way to peace
China has consistently emphasized that a peaceful resolution to the crisis, and a sustainable and lasting peace that addresses both sides' concerns, can only be realized through dialogue and negotiation.
03-13 23:58:36
Returning Chagos Islands to Mauritius has nothing to do with China
The UK is seeking to finalize a deal on handing sovereignty of the Chagos Islands to Mauritius, a matter purely between the UK and Mauritius. However, some US and UK politicians have dragged China into the issue, claiming that returning the Chagos Islands would benefit China and potentially provide a foothold for Chinese military presence in the Indian Ocean.
03-14 15:58:15
U.S. dirty calculations behind Ukraine ceasefire plan
From a "firm ally" for Ukraine to a "neutral mediator" in peace talks, Washington has its selfish political calculations. It is not mediating for "peace" but to maximize its own interests in the conflict. Having reaped colossal profits from arms sales and energy sales to the EU, the U.S. is diverting its attention to mineral resources.
03-13 00:47:16
European defense integration has long way to go
It has long been a persistent goal for the EU to pursue autonomous defense. Despite its aspirations to develop an independent military force and achieve defense integration, tangible progress has remained elusive.
03-13 09:14:52
Whose security do US-ROK joint military exercises protect?
The recent bombing tragedy in Pocheon sounds yet another alarm for regional nations and their people. If certain parties insist on treating East Asia as a powder keg and civilians as bargaining chips, the next "misguided" bomb will ultimately obliterate their credibility and the trust of the people they claim to protect.
03-11 23:00:45
FA-50 crash highlights challenges facing Philippine Air Force
Since the aircraft was capable of launching air-to-ground missiles or precision-guided bombs, there was no necessity for high-risk dive-bombing maneuvers. The greatest challenge of the mission was likely night flying, yet even such a slightly difficult operation resulted in a crash.
03-11 11:35:23
Manila should realize the wind is now blowing in a new direction
Manila should strive to play its part in fostering an environment of friendly engagement, so the region is characterized by peace, stability, and mutual prosperity. If it continues to try to set off fireworks in the South China Sea amid the complex dynamics of the Asia-Pacific, it will only be a burnt child that dreads the fire.
03-10 21:53:31
No winners in conflict, no losers in peace
Relevant parties should therefore put aside their own immediate interest, and advocate and practice a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, as China proposed, so that long-term peace and stability is the hallmark of Eurasia and the world.
03-10 21:45:40
Fact Check: Why is "China threat" narrative invalid?
China's ongoing "two sessions" have once again highlighted its steadfast commitment to working with all countries to uphold international equity and justice, and safeguard world peace and stability in a world of changes and chaos.
03-09 20:30:05
Unpacking Manila's South China Sea shadow play
To those fanning the flames: The South China Sea isn't a Hollywood set for your "David vs. Goliath" fantasy. It's time to drop the act, respect facts, and let regional states resolve disputes without toxic external interference.
03-08 23:40:48
China's sincerity brings certainty to an uncertain world
China is open to cooperation and, under the vision of building a community of a shared future for mankind, has been taking concrete measures to share its development dividends with countries across the world.
03-08 00:20:03
Can Europe independently hold up a "strategic umbrella"?
Although Europe still faces many challenges in independently propping up the "strategic umbrella", it is certain that a Europe with strategic autonomy would contribute positive factors to its own security and the stability of the international order.
03-07 17:22:54
US steps up arctic military activities to consolidate regional hegemony
Recently, newly appointed US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth made a series of statements on NATO and European security. Against the backdrop of US-Russia talks sidelining Europe and cooling transatlantic relations, NATO, as the military organization bridging US-Europe security ties, is also facing a new turning point.
03-07 11:38:04
Military spending increase necessary to protect national security, core interests and global peace
China's defense budget is in line with its determination to build a strong, innovative, and globally competitive military force that can safeguard its national interests and promote peace on the global stage.
03-06 20:09:03
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.