Opinions - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
Opinions
more
The Asia-Pacific region doesn't welcome NATO's attempt to peddle fear
NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte is set to begin his official visit to Japan on Tuesday - his first trip to the Asia-Pacific region since assuming the post. Both NATO's official statements and those from Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs have already revealed the strategic and political calculations behind this visit.
04-10 20:39:23
US shouldn't use South China Sea to relive its old dream of maritime hegemony
US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth recently visited the Philippines and spoke at length about the so-called "military threat in the South China Sea." The Declaration on Maritime Security and Prosperity, issued at the G7 foreign ministers' meeting in mid-March, reiterated outdated rhetoric, unfairly and groundlessly criticizing China under the pretext of "protecting freedom of navigation."
04-10 09:56:15
Why are the U.S. and Iran talking in Oman and what's at stake?
While U.S. President Donald Trump describes the engagement as a "direct" dialogue, Iran insists it will be an "indirect" negotiation, mediated through third parties. Here's what we know and what remains uncertain.
04-09 20:14:30
Ukraine crisis lucrative business for U.S. military-industrial complex
The architects of escalation can never masquerade as architects of peace. Behind the polished rhetoric of "security" and "solidarity," the truth is laid bare: The U.S. war machine's loyalties lie not with diplomacy or humanity, but with the relentless churn of profit.
04-09 14:53:25
Why US Defense Secretary chooses the Philippines as his Asia-Pacific tour's first stop?
These actions by the US have sent the wrong signals to the Philippines and would potentially embolden the country to take more reckless actions in the South China Sea. This could escalate tensions in the South China Sea and further complicate the situation.
04-08 10:50:22
Global nuclear proliferation risks increase
​Analysts point out that as the US shifts toward "new isolationism," some countries may leverage US power to deploy nuclear weapons on their territory and gradually develop independent nuclear capabilities. Once a country crosses the line, it could trigger a "broken windows effect" and a chain reaction.
04-08 10:10:19
Hypocrisy of some on Taiwan question laid bare
If the G7 members and the EU are genuinely interested in the preservation of peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait, they should put an end to their provocative words and deeds, especially their aggressive military posturing that necessitates the PLA showing its capability to respond.
04-08 09:42:16
US hegemony exposed in full in its persistence in seizing Greenland
The so-called "economic security needs" of the US cannot justify its pursuit of hegemonic diplomacy. Its attempt to seize Greenland through a power-politics approach will only push the security situation in the Arctic to the brink of danger and bring greater uncertainty to global peace and stability.
04-07 09:14:18
Rubio's NATO visit exposes mounting tensions, eroding trust in transatlantic ties
U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio attended his first NATO foreign ministers' meeting in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, where he reaffirmed Washington's position that Europe should take more responsibility for defending the alliance.
04-06 16:34:59
Australia's paranoia over China's research vessel unfounded, it doesn't have to be this way
Over the past two days, Australia has been paranoid about a Chinese research vessel that appeared off the coast of South Australia. In Australian media's portrayal, what was originally a harmless research ship has, for no clear reason, been transformed into a "spy ship."
04-05 15:47:03
When Taiwan's Lai plays with fire, don't blame the smoke
Faced with these provocations, the mainland must take resolute countermeasures. Failure to respond would constitute a glaring appeasement of secession, risking the legitimacy of the Chinese government and the support of its people, with peace across the Taiwan Strait hanging in the balance.
04-04 18:29:27
"Taiwan independence" means nothing but war
Nothing shall hold back the trend of history. The pursuit of "Taiwan independence" is a dead end. We will not tolerate or condone any conspiracy aiming at splitting Taiwan from China. The Chinese PLA has the guts, determination, resolve, and very importantly the ability to resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and dignity.
04-03 17:42:06
PLA drills around Taiwan achieve designated results
The two-day joint exercises launched by the People's Liberation Army around the island of Taiwan, involving an aircraft carrier group, concluded on Wednesday evening, and experts said the exercises aimed to cut off resource import lines, escape routes and external support lines of "Taiwan independence" separatist forces.
04-03 00:54:28
PLA aircraft carrier groups can block three key lines in east of Taiwan, expert says
The involvement of aircraft carrier groups in military deterrence operations around Taiwan can completely cut off the escape routes for "Taiwan independence" separatist forces and the channels for external forces attempting to aid them, a scholar from the People's Liberation Army said on Wednesday.
04-02 22:00:54
Washington's overreaction to PLA drills serves as a telling sign of its duplicity
Despite Beijing unequivocally stating the military exercises it launched this week near the Taiwan island "are a serious warning and an act of containment against 'Taiwan independence' separatist forces, and a legitimate and necessary move to defend national sovereignty and uphold national unity", some still wrongly insist they are a test of the United States' and its allies' resolve to "defend" Taiwan.
04-02 21:54:00
Combat drill a big warning to 'Taiwan independence' secessionists
The Chinese mainland has always drawn a clear line between "Taiwan independence" forces and the broader public in Taiwan. This operation is only aimed at Lai's radical agenda, not ordinary residents.
04-02 09:37:15
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.