Exercises - CHINA - China Military
Sponsored by the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Chinese(GB)
|
Chinese(Big5)
|
Defense Ministry
China Military
China Military
HOME
CMC
News
Departments
Leaders
ARMED FORCES
CHINA
Top Stories
Exchanges
Exercises
Weaponry Equipment
MOOTW
Features
Special Reports
Other
OPINIONS
VOICES
Ministry of National Defense
Military Services
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Other Sources
WORLD
World Military News
World Military Analysis
INT'L REPORTS
Int'l Media Reports on China
Int'l Militaries Reports on China
MEDIA
Photos China
Photos World
Videos
BILINGUAL
News
Opinions
Photos
SOCIETY
MORE
Special Reports
Documents/Publications
Search
Search
CHINA
News
more
China, Thailand to hold joint maritime exercise
China and Thailand will hold a joint maritime exercise near Zhanjiang, in south China's Guangdong Province, from late March to early April, China's Ministry of National Defense said on Monday.
Maritime phase of China-Iran-Russia "Security Belt-2025" joint exercise concludes
The maritime phase of the China-Iran-Russia "Security Belt-2025" joint exercise successfully concluded at about 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, local time.
China-Iran-Russia "Security Belt-2025" joint exercise kicks off
The Chinese naval fleet participating in the China-Iran-Russia "Security Belt-2025" joint exercise arrived in the waters near Iran's Chabahar Port and completed the naval assembly with the ships of the Iranian and Russian navies on the morning of March 9, local time.
China, Iran and Russia to conduct joint naval exercise in March
The Chinese, Iranian and Russian navies will conduct a joint exercise in March, China's Ministry of National Defense announced on Sunday.
Multinational Maritime Exercise AMAN-2025 Kicks Off in Pakistan
The opening ceremony of Multinational Maritime Exercise AMAN-2025, hosted and organized by the Pakistani Navy, was kicked off at the Pakistan Navy Dockyard (PN Dockyard) in Karachi on February 7.
China-Pakistan "Warrior-VIII" joint counter-terrorism exercise concludes
The Chinese troops participating in the China-Pakistan "Warrior-VIII" joint counter-terrorism exercise returned to China by two Y-20 transport aircraft on December 14, local time.
China-Singapore Exercise Cooperation-2024 joint army training kicks off
The China-Singapore Exercise Cooperation-2024 joint army training kicked off on Tuesday at a training base in central China's Henan Province. It marks the sixth event of the Exercise Cooperation joint army training series held by the two armies.
China, Laos to hold "Peace Train 2024" joint humanitarian medical rescue exercise
According to the annual plan and the consensus of China and Laos, the "Peace Train 2024" joint humanitarian medical rescue exercise will be held in Laos in mid-to-late November, 2024.
China Coast Guard fleet completes joint drills with Russian counterpart
A formation of China Coast Guard (CCG) vessels has completed joint drills and patrol missions with Russia's coast guard, the CCG said Thursday.
China-Thailand "Commando 2024" joint army training kicks off
The China-Thailand "Commando 2024" joint army training kicked off on Tuesday morning in Kunming City, southwest China's Yunnan Province.
Photos
more
Frigate Dali steams in full maneuvering speed
Vehicle-mounted howitzer fires at mock targets
J-10 fighter jets engage in flight training
Transport helicopters hover at low altitude
Fighter jets taxi in speed before takeoff
Helicopter engages in take-off and landing training
Infantry Fighting Vehicles race across snowy terrain
Type 15 Lightweight Tanks churn up a storm of dust
JH-7 fighter jets in round-the-clock flight training
Reconnaissance soldiers in concealed infiltration training
9
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Contact Us
|
Chinese Edition
Copyright © China Military. All rights reseved.